[this is super preliminary. It would be easier for me if we could make a 3 minute video, and then have me create the script based on that.]

Welcome to "Moves Like Escher", a game where the laws of space warp, and you can never be sure what will be around the next corner.
This video will serve as a short appetizer to the puzzles you shall see in the full game.

1: Baby's first non-euclidean space
The first level is designed to get the player to remove their preconceived notions of space right off the bat. The way out is clearly
marked, and the path is clear- walk up the wall. Simplicity, in and of itself.

[Transition (teleporting):]
As we enter this short hallway, identical to the ones that end each level, we shall find ourselves somwhere entirely different. Going
back, we find that things are not as we left them. The way back is closed. Only one way to go- forward.

2: The intertwining maze
The exit is so close, yet so far away. The player must traverse their first real puzzle- a maze which folds in on itself. They
must use the newly introduced convex ramps to travel around the sides and undersides of the platforms to make their way across. In
addition, they must keep a keen eye on the visible parts of the maze, as they may find themselves traversing that section in the future.

3: Impossible doorways
You now have a pellet gun, which you can use to push buttons and open doors. However, there's something fishy about these 
doors -- they don't go anywhere! Instead, you can go in and end up at a different place entirely. It seems that the buttons 
alter the fabric of space and time to link different passageways together, so maybe we can experiment with the combinations 
of doors to make our way to the exit.

4: Gravity and you- a primer
You have your pellet gun, and there's a button right in front of you. Simple enough! If only the sphere in the center didn't
suck them into the abyss. Perhaps we can find other buttons to hit, some way to turn the sphere to our advantage.

One technical challenge we tackled for this project was modifying Oculus player controller to move in local, rather than global, space. We also developed ways to seamlessly teleport the player to create the illusion of impossible spaces.

We’ve tuned the experience to reduce simulator sickness. Ramps are segmented like this to minimize the duration of rotational flows. We introduce concepts gradually so the player remains comfortable.